# Bloomingtide 17th, 8:7 Awakening

Dear Diary,

   Father's out on a trip again. I wish he would let me come with him - I know
it'd be dangerous to go far, but surely I could make it to Belameer if I'm
with him and we're careful? No matter how many books he brings back, it isn't
the same (and I can only re-read the Encyclopedia Omnarki so many times before
I've memorized all there is to know from it).

   In better news, I finally figured out the witchlight cantrip he was trying to
teach me before he left! Mine looks a little different than his - it's... softer
almost, and *way* prettier? His looks like little sparks, and mine is more like
gentle moonlight unless I specifically change the color. Mine's obviously better!

# Deepwinter 3rd, 8:10 Awakening

Dear Diary,

   I've been having strange dreams the last couple days. The moon keeps calling
me her daughter and trying to hold me and sing to me, but I can never remember
the song when I wake up. Father got upset when I mentioned them to him, but
wouldn't say why - I think it's related to my mother. Maybe he thinks she'll
come and take me away from him? The only thing he ever mentioned about her is
that she knows magic, so maybe she's a witch from Her Union? But if she is a
witch, why hasn't she tried to find me or contact me before?

   (Also, it's strange she's calling me her *daughter*, but I... think I like it?
It feels... nice, in a way I can't put into words.)

# Deepwinter 5th, 8:10 Awakening

Dear Diary,

   Father told me the truth. He wanted to learn magic so he made a deal with a
hag, to "protect and raise me for two decades" in exchange. He never cared about
me! I'm not even a tool to him, just some... *obligation*! And it's even worse -
if the moon in my dreams *is* my mother, she just wants to turn me into a hag
like her! And because we live in a hut in the woods, these two are all I have -
I don't have anyone to actually care about me!

   (At least he took my confession that I'd rather be his daughter than his son
well - I guess that's *an* upside to him not giving two shits about me. From now
on, my name is Sakari - and it feels so wonderful to write that out!)

# Bloomingtide 20th, 8:13 Awakening

Dear Diary,

   I tried to make it to Belameer. Father is away again, so I thought I could
leave and find *anywhere* else to live, but I couldnt even make it a mile before
collapsing, and had to crawl back home. I *hate* this. I hate father, I hate
this house, I hate being so sickly and weak! I need to get healthier so I can
survive on my own - he'll definitely kick me out in five years once I reach my
second decade of age and he's no longer pact-bound to provide for me, and if
this week is any indicator, I'm not ready, but that seems like such an
insurmountable goal I don't know where to start...

   The moon in my dreams has been teaching me things - I'm pretty sure she
*isn't* my mother, because I don't think a hag would teach me how to make
bandages out of moonlight, or how to heal wounds with magic? The moon is *nice*.
I like her better than I'd probably like my real mother, and definitely better
than father. I think she's maybe a goddess of my father's people, before he left
everyone he knew behind to be a hermit in the woods - a couple of books mention
that some villages of Her Union favor a moon-goddess, and father came from there
(or so he said when he was drunk, once)? I hope I'll someday be able to travel
to our homeland and meet with her other priestesses...

# Harvestmere 8th, 8:14 Awakening

Dear Diary,

   I think Father is afraid of me. I know he resents me - why *yes*, father,
raising a daughter is actually a significant effort, mother *definitely* got the
better end of that deal, idiot - but it looks like he only just noticed how much
magic the goddess taught me after he stopped doing so himself, and he still
thinks  she's actually a hag. I... still don't like him - he's stopped trying to
be nice ever since he told me the truth, and just tries to keep me out of the
way, by bribing me with books or giving me chores - but... I don't like him
being afraid of me? I don't want to be scary! The moon's taught me protection
and healing and how to bind wounds - nothing dangerous! I'm not a monster like
mother, and I'm not a warlock like him! I don't *know how* to hurt people with
my magic!

   (I also think the goddess is teaching me knowledge that I'm forgetting I
learned on awakening - I brought up a piece of trivia about Her Union in an
argument with father, and couldn't find it in any of our books afterwards - I
*know* it's true, but can't figure out how I'd know it if not that?)

# Melting 7th, 8:17 Awakening

Dear Diary,

   My health is getting worse. Father's even stopped giving me chores, in case
the extra rest will help me recover - goddess forbid I perish before my
twentieth and break his pact, that bastard. Nothing the moon teaches me helps -
she can soothe my discomfort, but I'm *still not getting better*. I don't think
I've ever felt so helpless.

   On the bright side, we've had a visitor recently! Father usually keeps his
associates away from the house, but apparently this one *specifically* wanted to
speak to me after he mentioned his "daughter who hears the moon in her dreams!"
Sinta is an inquisitor all the way from the sunlight archipelago, who traveled
northwards to find out more about the moonlit faith and whether it's a
sister-faith to the sunlit faith or a heretical movement or just entirely
unrelated, and apparently my dreams are an interesting enough subject to go out
of her way to talk to me? I don't think father likes her, but she's paying him
for my time, and paying *me* with stories of the outside world - she's only
barely older than me, and has traveled and seen *so much*! I wish I could go
with her when she leaves for back home...

