## Session 1
Sub-Abbess Philydia Wisdom-Grace-The-Unwise asked me to grab some of my "rougher"
connections (so, Knox, and maybe mom if I need her) and persuade some squatters
in a building in Riverside to move elsewhere. (Well, actually, she wanted them
gone, possibly disposed-of, but I hoped I could do it bloodlessly? If drow are
squatting in *Riverside*, they're probably in-danger enough anyways that they
should probably be moving elsewhere for their own safety...)

While I was on the way to investigating, I ran into Marie-Geneviève! It's been
so long since I've seen her, and it was quite lovely to catch up, at least until
we were interrupted by the arrival of that *assassin* who killed the entire rest
of the acting troupe from year-before-last's festival to Father Summer - and
apparently *he and Marie-Genevieve are **friends!*** (Also apparently Knox and
Marie-Genevieve are good friends too! With all these coincidences, I almost have
to wonder if she's orchestrating some grand conspiracy that I'm being pulled
into - ha, if only...) I'm... not sure if the assassin recognized me? I was so
surprised by his presence that I must confess to having shrieked (quietly!) at
the fright of seeing him looming once more, but he just gave me an unimpressed
glance and asked if "there [was] a problem?" That man is terrifying.

In any event, it turns out the squatters that the Sub-Abbess needed removed were
a pair of *very* rude ghosts, not drow of ill-fortune. They were rather
unpleasant to deal with, and I was going to leave them alone and return with
Knox, but the assassin decided to provoke them, to the point that one attempted
to ram itself down his throat! I managed to protect him with a shield of my
blood, and since they were already agitated, decided to try excising them from
the house with a combination of prayer and blood-magic - they fought back a bit,
but eventually saw reason and left for other environs.

## Session 2
Knox came and found me *just* as I was entering the Cathedral to talk to the
Sub-Abbess and inform her that the house is emptied, so he can drag me off for
"knightly things".


## Backstory
- Mom is a washed-up knight who got one too many severe injuries and can no longer go a-fightin' but still carouses with her buddies (and spends quite a bit of coin on drink); I haven't figured out what the other parents do but I'm mildly inclined for one to be Lajhan for the drama.

- Mom sends Galene off on an early and double-length durance at the age of 12 - longer either to pay off debt collectors, and/or because the cushy durance she ended up getting was a very limited offer; I haven't yet sorted out exactly why or how the other parents feel about it or how much they were involved in the decision.

- Her Aelfir lord during her durance, Gilded-Spirit-Enlightens-the-Unwise, was a "progressive" one - he's hedonistic and debauched to a fault, and is very involved in the Artistic™️ scene as both (scandal-causing) author & playwright and patron of other artistes.

- smol Galene was pretty enough for him to keep around as a walking art arrangement and conversation piece, but eventually (and probably while on several brands of drugs, because all things considered it was a pretty stupid decision) he got tired of her meek innocence and figured that having her turn into a blood-witch would probably solve at least one of those.

- Her true form just so happens to evoke Solar religious iconography, with skin resembling marble and eyes and ~~claws~~ nails of everfrost.

- Lord saw this, and immediately took to the idea of putting her (in true form) into religious plays and festivals and the like - the conversation with his Partners in Art went something like "Are you sure you want her in the play? Casting a Drow is scandalous enough for the stuffy types to have a conniption; casting a blood-witch in her true form might get you thrown to the Paladins..." "Nonsense, my friend, look at her! She's perfect for a role about a young Drow overcoming the limitations of her species, and being blessed by Mother Winter! Or perhaps a dangerous, monstrous beast being tamed by a disciple of Sister Spring! I won't let this opportunity go to waste!"

- Said production was, of course, incredibly scandalous, but the avant-garde Aelfir loved it, and so their community had her star in more ceremonies and the like, hence her being one of relatively few Drow Cousins of the Divine Family.

- Because of her involvement in these festivals, it was hard for her to not become involved with the religion - the Aelfir might look down on her, but they still ooh'd and aah'd at her being seemingly blessed by the solar gods, and they encouraged her to be a good citizen of Spire and learn more about the Solar Church, so she ended up feeling actually rather welcomed there, all things considered; it wasn't long before she became a true Solar Devotee.

- Between the festivals and her lord's parties where she was a showpiece, she probably spent more time in her true form than not. She has very mixed feelings on being a blood-witch, since witches are cursed things that the Aelfir usually put to death, but if there ever was a sign that the solar gods were actively present in her life, her true form is it.

- All things come to an end, her durance included; at the age of 20 she went home to her parents completely unrecognizable from the girl they sent up-spire. Miriam, remembering the smol girl who adored running around with play-swords as a young girl, had just arranged a squireship to Dee's character for her as her durance was ending, intended as an act of kindness; when Galene wasn't thrilled at the prospect, there was Drama.

