# Corpse Bride Raiment (Starmetal ??? (confirm item type, dots))
Add fluff here!

## Evocations of Corpse Bride Raiment
Corpse Bride Raiment's wearer suffers no wound penalty on Appearance rolls, and
always looks clean and unmarred regardless of her environment or injuries. Any
physical harm she suffers will not result in visible damage unless it is a
deliberate attempt to draw her blood.

### Martyred Lover's Dowry
   - Design objective: sacrifice health to provide another motes, improves with
     intimacies towards wearer
   - Cost: 1m, 1lhl
   - Mins: Essence 1
   - Type: Simple
   - Duration: Instant
   - Prerequisites: None

At the wearer's thought, a bloody slice appears on her body as she offers her
lifeblood up to her beloved, her protector. Another exalt may drink from this
wound as a simple action to restore (her intimacy towards the wearer + the
wearer's intimacy towards her) motes. Afterward, the wound closes and ceases
bleeding, though a scar remains until the health level heals. This evocation may
only be used once per scene, unless reset by someone other than the last
beneficiary acting to affirm or uphold a major or defining positive intimacy
towards you.

Design notes: Intimacy values are Minor = 2, Major = 3, Defining = 4; exigent
doc says "a health level is generally valued at five motes" ish, with the caveat
that exalts who can easily regenerate may get greater efficiency out of them.
Grace doesn't have any good healing options (at least, not in the near future),
being keyed off a single intimacy would leave this somewhat weak, and it feels
appropriate to use the bidirectional bond instead of one way or the other. If
this feels too powerful, could consider using double the *lower* of her intimacy
towards the recipient and their intimacy towards her?

### Tender Blood Spilled
   - Design objective: action economy improvement to core charm
   - Cost: 3m, 2i
   - Mins: Essence 1
   - Type: Reflexive
   - Duration: Instant
   - Prerequisites: Martyred Lover's Dowry

Even blood shed in violence may be lent noble purpose. Upon taking damage from
any source that would normally draw blood, the wearer may choose to allow the
attack to do so despite Corpse Bride Raiment's attunement effect. In doing so,
she may reflexively activate Martyred Lover's Dowry without paying the health
level cost.

Design notes: This is meant to make Martyred Lover's Dowry more usable in combat
by cutting the activation cost down in terms of health, but giving it a greater
mote cost instead. It'll still be mote-positive most of the time, to make up for
the action cost to the beneficiary.

### Crimson Tears Avenged
   - Design objective: provide a mechanical hook for allies to protect wearer
   - Cost: 5m, 2i
   - Mins: Essence 2
   - Type: Reflexive
   - Keywords: Uniform
   - Duration: One scene
   - Prerequisites: Tender Blood Spilled

While her blood may be a boon to her suitors, the wearer's blood is likewise a
bane to those who mean her ill. Upon taking damage from an attack that would
normally draw blood, the wearer may choose to allow the attack to do so despite
Corpse Bride Raiment's attunement effect. For the rest of the scene, her allies
add (their intimacy towards her) non-charm dice to raw damage on all attacks
against the creature that attacked her.

Design notes: Mechanically compare against Heart-Forged Aegis (Arms of the
Chosen p96, adds intimacy to soak for a scene at 5m 1i, essence 1 prereq), Fire
And Stones Strike (Exalted 3e p346, may spend str motes -> withering post-soak
dice or (ess or 3, whichever greater) motes -> decisive raw damage, essence 1).
This is definitely more economical than the solar charm, as it applies to every
attack allies make against the target, but I think that Heart-Forged Aegis is
solid precedent for giving it a duration in exchange for an initiative cost.

### Sepulchral Matrimony Embrace
   - Design objective: mechanic-ify the "my hero! you saved me!" kind of thing
   - Cost: 5m, 1wp
   - Mins: Essence 2
   - Type: Simple
   - Keywords: Mute
   - Duration: Instantaneous
   - Prerequisites: Tender Blood Spilled or Crimson Tears Avenged

In a scene where the wearer activated either prerequisite evocation, the wearer
may embrace an ally who incapacitated at least one character. Both her and her
protector heal (her intimacy towards her protector) levels of bashing damage or
half that many levels of lethal damage. This evocation may only be used once per
scene.

Design notes: This heals a lot less than existing solar and lunar charms are
capable of, and has a very constrained use-case, but heals instantly. I think
the willpower cost and limited use keep it of appropriate value, but am willing
to flex on the numbers if desired.